everyone welcome back on my channel
today's video is going to be a first
impression on the Too Faced better than
sex mascara I recently got it and I
haven't tried it yet so I decided why
not do a first impression so I can
include it in my future video reviewing
all the mascaras so here it is from the
box basically said that is supposed to
curl your lashes it's supposed to give
you dramatic volume longer lashes all of
that would just win mascara so that's
what we're going to test out so this is
my lashes with no mascara they're
actually pretty long but they're really
going downwards so I need that curl but
I'm not going to curl my lashes because
it does say that it should do it by
itself why do I forgot to show you one
I've never tried it before so that's
what it looks like it's basically like
an hourglass shape which I've never
tried something like this and it doesn't
seem to be at official-official so yeah
so this is what one cook looks like it
basically gives me just natural looking
lashes nothing special it's usually the
second coat that makes the difference
but so far it looks pretty now second
coat let's see how big it can get ass
kereta it's freshly open I'm kind of
impressed that it doesn't seem to make
my lashes stick together this impression
I have to say that the middle part
because it's shorter I feel like I have
trouble getting to my middle lashes to
make them separate so I feel like the
they're not really stuck together but a
little bit like you know I can't
separate them properly because of the
brush I have to like go back with one of
the either the bottom under top part so
it seems to have done a really great job
with this one but not with this one so
I'm going to try to separate a little
bit my lashes with just a little calm or
something just so it doesn't look too
crazy but I'm letting you know that it
tends to do that so I assumed you in a
lot so you can really really see I feel
like it did a great job on this one but
not so much on this one it's a little
clumpy and like the more I was trying to
make it better the words it kind of got
it's not bad but I feel like it could be
a little bit more separated in the
middle lashes but overall I think it
looks good I will update you at the end
of the day to let you know if it still
all the curl if it did smudge or
something I will clean a little mess I
made once it's dry because I don't want
to factor Lordi lashes why do I just
want to quickly mention with some I'll
eyes because I'm sure I'm going to get
the question and it is D to face like M
lipstick any color nude beach so that's
what's on my lips if you're wondering so
it's been around 7 hours and I wanted to
update you answer 2 clips of me when you
can see LD smudging and the flakiness of
D mascara I'm not sure if you're going
to be able to see the little flakes on
my face it's not intense but it is
noticeable so as you can see did smudge
a little bit more and there's a little
bit of flakes too so I wanted you to see
that so I'm going to be reapplying a
little bit of that concealer because I
have some more errands to do and I feel
like my concealer basically got rubbed
off by me trying to remove all the
flakes so I just wanted to show you so
and look different basically reapplying
a bit of concealer because I feel like
it just completely disappeared
throughout the day and I'm going to set
it with just some powder just to make
sure that if there's more smudging it's
really not g2d a concealer reduced a
little bit what it's raining outside but
I wanted to see if it's going to be
smudging a little bit more tonight so I
wanted to you know I've freshly applied
concealer just so I can really see it so
it's been another two hours and I want
to update you as you will see in the
close-ups it's much a little bit more
and there was a little bit more of a
flakiness so overall I'm a little
disappointed about that for that price
you would expect mascara to be pretty
much perfect at least I would and the
only other thing that I really wasn't a
complete fan of is the brush just
because the hourglass shape actually is
not the easiest one to grab D middle
lashes which they did tend to clump as
you saw in the beginning of the video I
do like how my lashes look but I think I
would not repurchase this mascara and
not really recommend it just because of
D flakiness let me know your experience
because I know a lot of people love that
mascara but I don't know I don't think I
cannot deal with the flakiness so that's
the guys this was my first impression on
the better than sex mascara by Too Faced
I hope you enjoyed this video let me
know in the comments what is your
personal experience about it because I
know a lot of you'll really love it and
I know a lot of people didn't so it's
really confusing but mascara is like one
of these things that you basically have
to try it because no matter what is
someone else opinion it's not
necessarily going to be the same for you
so I hope you enjoyed it don't forget to
give it a big thumbs up and subscribe
and I will see you in my next video bye